Grandpa grandpa
sir
Don't be too sad.
Dr. Zhou, how is my father's illness now?
I have used square and eight flat needles.
Locked the old man's acupuncture points
Don't let his breath pass
What a pity what
It's a pity that Mr. Xu's poison is terrible
My square eight bottle needle
It can only temporarily lock the livelihood of Mr. Xu
As for Mr. Xu
It's my ability
I'll return all the pillow towels later.
Doctor Zhou, what are you talking about?
That 10 million is your pillow towel
You have treated our old man
I did my best.
There is no reason for us to ask for the pillow towel back.
Then I'm really not enough
Dr. Zhou, is my dad really not okay at all?
If it were my master, I might still be a little angry
Too bad my dad
Is this the only way to save lives?
No, grandpa will be fine.
uncle
I've just contacted a friend of mine.
He said he would be there in one
He can definitely save grandpa
friend
Which master's disciple is your girlfriend?
He's not a disciple of some master, isn't this nonsense?
Doctor Zhou didn't have it at 1:30
He is not a disciple of the master
How did he treat your grandfather?
This is nonsense.
Who says you can't save people if you're not a master's disciple?